Remove shared_store and shared_store_key_prefix from shipper and compactor (#10840)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/setup/upgrade/_index.md

### Loki

#### Removed `shared_store` and `shared_store_key_prefix` from shipper configuration

The following CLI flags and the corresponding YAML settings to configure shared store for TSDB and BoltDB shippers are now removed:
- `-boltdb.shipper.shared-store`
- `-tsdb.shipper.shared-store`

Going forward `object_store` setting in the [period_config](/docs/loki/latest/configure/#period_config) will be used to configure store for the index.
This enforces chunks and index files to reside together in the same storage bucket for a given period.

> We are removing the shared store setting in an effort to simplify storage configuration and reduce the scope for misconfiguration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are removing the shared store setting in an effort to simplify storage configuration and reduce the possibility for misconfiguration.
```

{{% admonition type="warning" %}}

> With this change Loki does not allow storing chunks and indexes for a given period in different storage buckets anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this change Loki no longer allows storing chunks and indexes for a given period in different storage buckets.
```

different from `object_store` in `period_config`.
{{% /admonition %}}

- If you have not configured `-boltdb.shipper.shared-store`,`-tsdb.shipper.shared-store` or their corresponding YAML setting before, no changes are required as part of the upgrade.
- If you have configured `-boltdb.shipper.shared-store` or its YAML setting:
  - If it matches the value of `object_store` for all the periods that use `boltdb-shipper` as index type, no changes are required.
  - If there is a mismatch, you lose access to the index for periods where `-boltdb.shipper.shared-store` does not match `object_store`.
    - To make these indexes queryable, index tables need to moved or copied to the store configured in `object_store`.
- If you have configured `-tsdb.shipper.shared-store` or its YAML setting:
  - If it matches the value of `object_store` for all the periods that use `tsdb` as index type, no changes are required.
  - If there is a mismatch, you lose access to the index for periods where `-tsdb.shipper.shared-store` does not match `object_store`.
    - To make these indexes queryable, index tables need to moved or copied to the store configured in `object_store`.

> The following CLI flags and the corresponding YAML settings to configure path prefix for TSDB and BoltDB shippers are now removed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following CLI flags and the corresponding YAML settings to configure a path prefix for TSDB and BoltDB shippers are now removed:
```

- `-boltdb.shipper.shared-store.key-prefix`
- `-tsdb.shipper.shared-store.key-prefix`

Path prefix for storing the index can now be configured by setting `path_prefix` under `index` key in [period_config](/docs/loki/latest/configure/#period_config).

> This enables users to change the path prefix by adding a new period config.

Reviewer: Question, does this 
"Enable user to change the path prefix _**going forward**._.."  (that is, everything created after the new config)
OR
"Enable users to change **_all existing_** path prefixes..."  (that is, update all path prefixes)

Author: Applies to new periods that are added post this change.

Users can update the prefix in existing periods as well, but that does not migrate the data on the storage bucket to use the updated prefix, so I don't see a reason why someone would do this :)

### Loki

#### Removed `shared_store` and `shared_store_key_prefix` from shipper configuration

The following CLI flags and the corresponding YAML settings to configure shared store for TSDB and BoltDB shippers are now removed:
- `-boltdb.shipper.shared-store`
- `-tsdb.shipper.shared-store`

> Going forward `object_store` setting in the [period_config](/docs/loki/latest/configure/#period_config) will be used to configure store for the index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Going forward the `object_store` setting in the [period_config](/docs/loki/latest/configure/#period_config) will be used to configure the store for the index.
```

{{% /admonition %}}

`path_prefix` defaults to `index/` which is same as the default value of the removed configurations.

- No changes are required if you have not configured `-boltdb.shipper.shared-store.key-prefix`, `-tsdb.shipper.shared-store.key-prefix` or the corresponding YAML setting previously.
- If you have configured `-boltdb.shipper.shared-store.key-prefix` or its YAML setting to a value other than `index/`, ensure that all the existing period configs that use `boltdb-shipper` as the index have `path_prefix` set to the value previously configured.
- If you have configured `-tsdb.shipper.shared-store.key-prefix` or its YAML setting to a value other than `index/`, ensure that all the existing period configs that use `tsdb` as the index have the `path_prefix` set to the value previously configured.

#### Removed `shared_store` and `shared_store_key_prefix` from compactor configuration

The following CLI flags and the corresponding YAML settings to configure the shared store and path prefix for compactor are now removed:
- `-boltdb.shipper.compactor.shared-store`
- `-boltdb.shipper.compactor.shared-store.key-prefix`

> Going forward compactor will run compaction and retention on all the object stores configured in [period configs](/docs/loki/latest/configure/#period_config) where the index type is either tsdb or boltdb-shipper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Going forward compactor will run compaction and retention on all the object stores configured in [period configs](/docs/loki/latest/configure/#period_config) where the index type is either `tsdb` or `boltdb-shipper`.
```

#### `delete_request_store` should be explicitly configured

`-compactor.delete-request-store` or its YAML setting should be explicitly configured when retention is enabled, this is required for storing delete requests.

> The path prefix under which the delete requests are stored is decided by `-compactor.delete-request-store.key-prefix`, it defaults to "index/".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The path prefix under which the delete requests are stored is decided by `-compactor.delete-request-store.key-prefix`, it defaults to `index/`.
```

- Already deprecated metric `querier_cache_stale_gets_total` is now removed.

### LogCLI

#### Store for retrieving remote schema

> Previously LogCLI used to fetch remote schema from the store configured in `-boltdb.shipper.shared-store` when `-remote-schema` is set to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously LogCLI used to fetch remote schema from the store configured in `-boltdb.shipper.shared-store` when `-remote-schema` is set to `true`.
```
